INTRO
-----
Repositories are often seen as a difficulty in Debian. Whilst adding
and removing packages has become easier and easier, the same is not
true for package repositories.

However, repositories can be added by adding an appropriate text file to
/etc/apt/sources.list.d, and packages can contain files. Thus these
tools aim to remove the complexities of managing repositories by simply
packaging up every repository. These can then be installed, removed,
updated, etc. just like any other package, with absolutely no change
to the packaging system.

Also included are some examples, such as tools to fetch repository data
from apt-get.org, and hopefully more to follow.

CONTENTS
--------
apt-get-org.py - Screen scrapes www.apt-get.org, a vast collection of
	third-party Debian repositories. Saves the data to a given file.

make_sources.py - Creates files suitable to put in sources.list.d.
	Automagically groups repos (eg. for matching deb and deb-src lines)

cache-check.py - Does basic checks on a given file of repository data.

cache.txt - cached repo data (output from apt-get-org.py)

APT-GET-ORG.PY
--------------
This script takes an output filename "-o=something" (which will be
overwritten!) and fills it with repository data (in the format described
below) taken from www.apt-get.org.

It goes to the main page (http://www.apt-get.org/main/) and "screen
scrapes" data out of the page. It also gets package contents for each
repository by loading the info page for each one. Since this can
generate a load on their server, there is a half-second delay between
handling each repository.

MAKE_SOURCES.PY
---------------
This script is given an input file (in the format described below) with
the option "-f=something". It then parses this to find unique
combinations for repository/suite. Identical ones are grouped (eg.
"deb something.com stable" and "deb-src something.com stable") then
put into files suitable for including in /etc/apt/sources.list.d
(only parses the files at the moment, doesn't save to files yet since
the naming scheme isn't decided upon yet)

DATA FORMAT
-----------
The format currently used to store repostory data is plain text with the
following structure (tab-indented)

STARTREPO
	STARTDEBS
		deb something.com sid
		deb something.com stable
	ENDDEBS
	STARTSOURCES
		deb-src something.com sid
		deb-src something.com stable
	ENDSOURCES
	STARTARCHS
		i386
		all
		powerpc
	ENDARCHS
	STARTPACKAGES
		all
			foo-data 1.0
			bar-data 2.3
			baz 8:4.2dfsg3
		i386
			foo 1.0
			bar 2.3
		powerpc
			foo 1.0
	ENDPACKAGES
ENDREPO

STARTREPO
	STARTARCH
and so on
